# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 05

## Date

October 14, 2015 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda

1. Update on ongoing documentation efforts 
2. Collaboration with Documentation Interest Group
3. Maintainer for 7.x-1.x Islandora Vagrant and Base Box
4. Some love on [Git-Guidelines-and-Best-Practices](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/wiki/Git-Guidelines-and-Best-Practices) and [Installing-and-configuring-codesniffer](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/wiki/Installing-and-configuring-codesniffer)
3. Round table updates

## Attendees

* Andy Wagner
* Mark Jordan

## Notes

####Update on ongoing documentation efforts

Gavin & Luke: where do we collaborate on documentation? Is there a Google Doc for Islandora DevOps Group? Discussion on workflow from Google Docs to Islandora wiki for documentation. 

Wiki: Canonical Spot
GDocs: collaboration and editing

DevOps Wiki is available to the community.  

Gavin/Luke will focus on Ubuntu and CentOS bash scripts & Ansible installations as a good foundation. 

Gavin/Luke: will get Ubuntu doc up on wiki & ready for edits. 

There was a brief discussion about Vagrant & CentOs issues. 

Phil will follow up with Doc Group about consistency of Islandora Duraspace wiki and the Github repo(s) for installation documentation.
(Luke & Gavin will review the Duraspace Installation section)

####Collaboration with Documentation Interest Group

It was noted that the Documentation Group recommended focusing on 2-3 installation scenarios as a foundation for documentation. Then, improvements & variant installations can be shared & documented. 

####Maintainer for 7.x-1.x Islandora Vagrant and Base Box

Nick Ruest is stepping down from maintaining the Islandora Vagrant Box. Discussion about who will takeover as maintainer. A call to the larger Islandora community will happen to maintain Vagrant & Base Box. 

####Some love on [Git-Guidelines-and-Best-Practices](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/wiki/Git-Guidelines-and-Best-Practices) and [Installing-and-configuring-codesniffer](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/wiki/Installing-and-configuring-codesniffer)

Someone needs to review the Git Guidelines & the Codesniffer github repos. No one on the call committed. 

####Round table updates

Islandora Camp October 20-23 in Hartford, CT

Mark Jordan discussed the development & improvement of the MIK (Migrating to Islandora Kit). Users can now generate random packages and records to test the migration, review data, functionality, etc. 


## Next meeting

Wednesday, November 18th 
