# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 06

## Date

Nov. 18, 2015 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda

1. Update on ongoing documentation efforts 
2. Round table updates

## Attendees
* Mark Jordan
* Nick Ruest
* Gavin Morris
* Alex Garnett
* Luke Taylor

## Notes

####Update on ongoing documentation efforts
* Gavin and Luke have been working together on installation docs. Started on a Google Doc but have moved to the [wiki](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/wiki/Provisioning-Islandora-on-Ubuntu) so that more can collaborate. Trying to break out all the parts of provisioning Islandora on Ubuntu. A standalone bash script will come from this onece it's all done.
* Some dicussion of open office/libreoffice and the document solution pack, but that is not a Foundation module, so it's outside of our scope. We will limit deployment guides to Foundation modules
* Mark will take this document out to other members of the Dev Ops group to see if we can get more engagement and feedback. 
*  Nick would like to keep this consistent with the vagrant base box stuff (where applicable) so that we have canonical stuff for the community
*  The document will be moved to a .md file in regular github so that we can collaborate more easily (wiki does not allow for PR, comments, etc).
     *  And [here](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/main/Deployment%20Guides/Provisioning-Islandora-on-Ubuntu.md) it is!
 
####Round table updates

* Nick: CLAW team is working through a big PR from Danny and Jared, gthe dreaded [111](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/pull/111). They are redoing how we do services so that they will all be in CXF instead of karaf. Once it's done it will get deployed to Digital Ocean as the sandbox. The CLAW vagrant has sections for deploying to DO and AWS.

## Next meeting

~~Wednesday, Dec. 9 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST~~
