# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 11

## Date

July 13, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda

1. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/10.md)
2. Using Docker for offline/parallel derivative generation
3. Replacing Mulgara with Blazegraph, Breaking out stack
4. Round table updates
5. New business

## Attendees

* Luke Taylor
* Marcus Barnes
* Don Richards
* Melissa Anez
* Brad Spry
* Alex Garnett
* Ed Fugikawa
* Mark Jordan

## Next meeting

August 10, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST


## Notes from the call

### Business from last meeting

@lutaylor asked for someone to merge https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/pull/24 (still open) and https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/pull/17 (done).

### Using Docker for offline/parallel derivative generation

Lots of interest and discussion around this. We discussed two approaches: 1) using multiple Drupal installations to ingest Islandora content that share a common database, and 2) generating derivatives using Islandora but then ingesting them into a production Islandora instance. The first approach would probably work now, but we'd need to demonstrate that the risk of using a shared database is low (e.g., is there a chance that there would be duplicates in the `-batch` tables). The second approach would levage functionality in the Islandora Book Batch and Islandora Newspaper Batch modules that allows the ingestion of pre-existing datastreams at the page level, allowing Islandora to avoid generating them. Some thought and work would need to be done to extend this ability to other content models, however.

Coming out of this discussion, SFU introduced the Compound Batch module they have written, and some people in the DevOps group volunteered to test it. @MarcusBarnes will follow up with them.

### Replacing Mulgara with Blazegraph, Breaking out stack

@lutaylor introduced DGI's new [Trippi-Sail Triplestore Adapter](https://github.com/discoverygarden/trippi-sail) module. Much discussion around the desirability of replacing the bottlenecky Mulgara triplestore that ships with FCREPO 3.x.

Fuller documentation on Trippi-Sail is forthcoming, @lutaylor will check with colleagues at DHI and report back.

### Round table updates and New business

We didn't get to these by the end of the call.
